OSDOCS-4630: L2 advertisement using interfaces (#57137)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-metallb-configure-l2-advertisement-interface.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/metallb/about-advertising-ipaddresspool.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-metallb-configure-with-L2-advertisement-interface_{context}"]
= Configuring MetalLB with a L2 advertisement with interface

> By default, the `IPAddressPool` is advertised from all the network interfaces. The `interfaces` field in the `L2Advertisement` custom resource definitions is used to list the network interfaces from which the `IPAddressPool` is advertised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `IPAddressPool` is advertised from all the network interfaces. The `interfaces` field in the `L2Advertisement` custom resource definitions is used to restrict the network interfaces from which the `IPAddressPool` is advertised.
```

> By default, the `IPAddressPool` is advertised from all the network interfaces. The `interfaces` field in the `L2Advertisement` custom resource definitions is used to restrict the network interfaces from which the `IPAddressPool` is advertised.

Reviewer 2: By default the IP Address from 'IPAddressPool' that has been assigned to the service is advertised from all the network interfaces.

Author: @asood-rh I have incorporated the suggested wording. Can you review and let me know if it looks good now?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/metallb/about-advertising-ipaddresspool.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-metallb-configure-with-L2-advertisement-interface_{context}"]

> = Configuring MetalLB with a L2 advertisement by using interface

Reviewer 3: I'm not exactly sure what the right answer is, but "by using interface" sounds like it's missing something.

Should it be "by using interfaces" or "by setting interfaces"?

Author: After a hard time thinking of an alternative, I see  'Configuring MetalLB with a L2 advertisement for selected interfaces' to be a better version.

> By default, the IP address from `IPAddressPool` that has been assigned to the service, is advertised from all the network interfaces. The `interfaces` field in the `L2Advertisement` custom resource definitions is used to restrict those network interfaces which advertise the `IPAddressPool`.

Reviewer 3: Comma should be removed, and should the 's' be removed on definitions?

```suggestion
By default, the IP address from `IPAddressPool` that has been assigned to the service is advertised from all the network interfaces. The `interfaces` field in the `L2Advertisement` custom resource definition is used to restrict those network interfaces that advertise the `IPAddressPool`.
```

Author: Removed 's'.

> This example shows how to configure MetalLB so that the `IPAddressPool` is advertised only from the network interfaces listed in the `interfaces` field of all nodes.

Reviewer 3: Could the instances of `IPAddressPool` in the module intro be changed to "IP address pool", like is shown in step 1?

Author: that too works.

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

* You are logged in as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.

.Procedure

. Create an IP address pool.

> .. Create a file, such as `ipaddresspool.yaml`, and enter the configuration details.

Reviewer 3: Colon instead of a period?

+

> .Example

Reviewer 3: Consider a more descriptive heading, or could remove it all together

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: metallb.io/v1beta1
kind: IPAddressPool
metadata:
  namespace: metallb-system
  name: doc-example-l2
spec:
  addresses:
    - 4.4.4.0/24
  autoAssign: false
----

.. Apply the configuration for the IP address pool:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f ipaddresspool.yaml
----

> . Create a L2 advertisement advertising the IP with `interfaces` selector.

Reviewer 3: Should this be "an L2", since I assume it's pronounced el-two? I see mixed use across the assembly, so it could probably be cleaned up across at some point, if so.

Author: I agree with you! I too am inclined towards 'an'. However, I just kept it 'a' as the previous section used 'a'. I can modify the previous section to 'an' as a part of this item.

.. Create a YAML file, such as `l2advertisement.yaml`, and enter the configuration details.
+
.Example
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: metallb.io/v1beta1
kind: L2Advertisement
metadata:
  name: l2advertisement
  namespace: metallb-system
spec:
  ipAddressPools:
   - doc-example-l2
   interfaces:
   - interfaceA
   - interfaceB
----

> .. Apply the configuration.

Reviewer 3: Colon here and in the above step?

+

> .Example

Reviewer 3: Same comment about the heading here
